Last year was uneasy for most investors around the world. The Stock markets were seriously affected by fall of economic activity in many countries, unfortunately many of them were those with strong and important economies with global impact on the world’s economic situation. Global debt in economies was rising, stock rates conversely falling and particular growth in certain areas of the industry was mostly just temporary. For all of that, many of our shareholders reached a considerable profit thanks to consultations with our highly skilled and well informed people responsible for providing the online advice. This fact inspired us to offer you new services, which you were offered in our bulletins and I believe that choosing some of them will help you to increase your profits significantly.

StockNet service

As you have chosen our StockNet service, you have exclusive access to our stock ordering system by Internet. Now, this service has been upgraded by delivering the latest informations from the stock market and news about most traded stocks during specified week(s) or useful informations about top week’s gainers and losers. Each Stock Index in which you can invest with us is now weekly commented by responsibe manager and interesting news about most important companies are vailable as well. 
The StockNet service is accesible on page http://www.fiiif.stocknet.net
To contact online support, call + 0111 800 800 800

WAPNet service

WAPNet gives you a possibility to access your stock account no matter when or where you are. All you need to check the current status of your stock option is WAP services supporting cellular phone. Recently, WAPNet was upgraded so, that now you can order authomatic messaging service, providing you either latest news about selected stock index, or sending message every time when rates change more than by limit you will specify.
To access WAPNet, dial wap@800#123456789
To contact online suppport for this service, call +0111 800 700 700

OnlineConsult service

This most exclusive service of our fund is for those, who require online possibility to discuss the stock market situation with highly trained personnel. It gives a right to contact our 24-hour consulting centre and you’ll be switched to one of our highly educated and skilled employees which can always provide you the latest informations, the estimation of trends and advice you a strategy for nearest investment. Also, you can ask them to provide purchase or sale under your conditions, if you wish.
To contact your online consultant, call +0111 800 100 100
